I couldn't stop staring at the little barbells that pierced her nipples. Partly because I couldn't stop wondering why did she do that? and how much did it hurt? and those are fucking hot. But also because I was a little bit afraid to look further down.

"What's your name?" she asked. We were far enough away from the music I didn't have to strain to hear her.

"Tom," said.

"I'm Nomi." I looked up and saw her smiling, her teeth bright in the gloom, her face surrounded by dark hair. "This your first time?"

I'd heard about the club from a cousin's friend and hadn't been able to stop thinking about it. "It's not a strip club," she'd said. "It's not a brothel. Everyone's there because they want to be." She'd cocked her head, eyes narrowed as they regarded me. "Or because they need to be." I'd looked away as I fumbled for my coffee cup, and asked if she'd been there. "Oh, yes," she replied, with a small smile. "But only because I want to be."

It seemed her words had a smug edge to them, as if she knew something about me that I didn't.

"Yeah," I said, back in the present, still looking at Nomi's eyes. Now that I'd actually seen them, very large and very blue, it seemed impolite to look back down at her breasts, which were also large. Which struck me as silly, because most of the women here were showing off more than just their breasts. I just didn't want to come across as that kind of guy, who only stared at a woman's tits.

"You can look," she said, as if reading my mind, and she slid closer to me.

"I was just thinking --"

"I get it. Most newbies aren't sure what to look at." Nomi sipped from her wine glass, then put it beside mine on the tiny round table in front of us. The drinks were free. After paying a not-insubstantial fee (my cousin's friend hadn't mentioned that) and waiting for the results of a background check, all I had to do at the door was submit to a very fast, painless blood test. Taking off your clothes was optional, and I kept mine on. Not because I'm modest. It felt like a kind of armor.

"You can touch, too," she said, and without even thinking about it my left hand went up, trying to cover one breast as best it could. It was natural, overflowing, soft and heavy and squeezable, and she pulled my head down into that dark, delicious space between her tits.

I put a hand on her leg. Just not too far up her leg.

A lot of the women in the club were naked. Not Nomi, though, not entirely. Maybe that's why I approached her in the first place. She wore bikini bottoms, neon green ones, the kind that covered a bit more than usual in front but still left her attractive ass bare. I thought maybe she was armoring herself, like I was.

The briefest glance at the front of those bikini bottoms had been enough for me. She'd been holding her wineglass, talking to another woman who was letting it all hang out, and her face just lit up when she saw me, just staring at her crotch without trying hide my curiosity.

Now I nibbled on one of her barbell-pierced nipples, then took it in my mouth, the steel of the piercing clicking against my teeth. She stroked the back of my head, humming with delight at what I was doing to her, and when I moved to her other breast, she took my hand and pressed it to her crotch.

No avoiding it now.

"This is why you came here tonight, right?" Nori's breath was hot in my ear. As I already knew, there was hardness down there...a long hardness that strained against the taut fabric of her bikini.

It was indeed why I was here. I'd convinced many women to don strap-ons to peg me. I'd even tried it with a man, once, and to his disappointment discovered that I'm not homophobic, just not gay. I like bodies with breasts and vaginas, and it turns me on that much more imagining cocks attached to them. And when I learned that futanari are not just imaginary creatures, I knew getting dildos rammed up my ass by girls who were by turns indifferent and sadistic was no longer going to cut it. I instantly became futa-curious.

Now I did something I'd only ever been on the receiving end of in the past: The Grope, feeling for the length and girth and hardness of a cock through clothing. It was an enlightening exploration: her cock was big, bigger than mine, and I'm above average. I'd learned that futa were usually bigger than human males, and I counted myself lucky that Nomi didn't appear to be hung like a horse.

While I was groping her she was groping me. "We need to get you out of these clothes," she said.

"Same with you," I said, feeling a little lame.

"No problem," she said, and laughed, her blue eyes glittering in the dimness. She stood and untied the strings at either hip. The bikini bottoms fell away, and her cock sprang free.

It looked even bigger than it had felt, and without thinking I was on my feet as well, her rod in my hand, something I hadn't done...well, for a very long time. I took hold of one of her breasts and the contrast between engorged and plush was mind-bending. I leaned forward to kiss her, and she kissed me back...close-mouthed at first, but the longer I held her cock with one hand and her tit with the other, and the longer her arms circled my neck, the wetter it got.

Finally, she pulled away and started undressing me. I tried to help, but she was too efficient; before I knew it I was naked, and our cocks were bobbing and sliding against each other as we found ways to bring them close without damaging our testicles. I couldn't tell what her scrotum was like yet, whether it hung down or clung close to her. Not all futa had external testicles, and I wasn't paying much attention to those details yet. Her breasts mounded against my chest, the little barbells telling me exactly where her nipples were. My hands ran down from her shoulders to her ass, and our tongues were fighting to explore each other's mouths. Her tongue was pierced as well, I found, but that was nothing new.

Nomi held one of my hands as she sat back on the little sofa we'd been occupying, leaning back with her butt pushed forward and her knees spread wide. She tugged me down to my knees.

"You're new," she said, "you start. I don't want you coming and losing interest." She leaned forward, her nose almost touching mine. "Let me warn you, my cock won't get bored if I don't come. Once a futa gets started, she has to come, one way or another." She took hold of her cock and stroked herself. "And I have definitely gotten started." She put her hand behind my head and pulled me in, leaning back again as she did so.

This was territory long unexplored. I laid my hands on the insides of her smooth thighs, leaving just enough room to kiss the creases. She had no pubic hair. Her balls were pulled in tight, and after swallowing the lump in my throat I licked her scrotum. While I was there, I decided to explore a little. Her balls were tucked up neatly, close to the base of her penis. I found her first, short perineum, then the hood hiding her clit (I rubbed it gently, a greeting), the wet inner labia, the second perineum, and her butt hole.

"Later," she growled, pulling my head up by a fistful of hair. "Suck me."

I'd always figured if you were facing someone with the same sexual equipment as yours, do what you'd like to have done to you. Now it was time to prove that proposition. I took her cock in my hand and licked my way from the base, up the rigid shaft all the way to the soft head, already slick with her precum. As I took her glans in my mouth, I felt a sense of lightness, as if I'd released something. A step toward sexual liberation, perhaps, or a release of tension as I raced toward fulfillment of a dream.

At any rate, I sucked her in. Her flesh had little flavor, but her precum tasted unexpectedly sweet. She pressed my head harder, and I opened my mouth wider. She was thick as well as long, and it took some effort to take her deep. Gagging, I let her go, slurping back and swallowing the mix of saliva and precum, then concentrated for a few moments on the head of her dick. She moaned; I ran my tongue around the corona and lapped at her meatus, drawing more precum out of her. Then I opened wide and tried to swallow her again. It seemed impossible, and I wrapped my hand around her, jerking her as if I could keep her from realizing I only had half of her dick in my mouth.

Nomi started rocking her hips. I figured I was doing something right, then realized with each little thrust she was pushing her rod a little deeper into my mouth. I had to pull back again, a thread of fluid connecting my mouth to her cock. I cupped her balls and stroked her glistening penis as I kissed and licked it.

She bent forward to kiss me. "You're doing good, Tommy. Real good. But take it easy, you don't need to deep throat me. I don't want to come in your mouth."

With some relief I went back to her cock, swallowing another mouthful of precum. My own dick was hot and pulsing in my hand, but I was afraid to jack off too much; like she said, I didn't want to come too soon, though somehow I was pretty sure if I did, I could recover like a futa, ready to go again right away.

Nomi pulled me up onto the couch and grabbed my cock. "How do you want it, from behind or face to face?"

I glanced around. A crowd had gathered round us; two futa couples fucked on the floor nearby, one face to face, the other doggy style, the redhead in the rear reaching around to pump her partner's cock. Other people stood singly or in pairs, watching and masturbating. As I watched, one of the male masturbators came, spraying semen towards us, and one of the futa dropped to her knees, still rubbing herself, and took the cock in her mouth to catch the last of his sperm.

Close enough that I could have reached out to and touched them, two well-endowed futa double-fucked a woman whose eyes were closed and mouth was open with pleasure. That looked interesting, but I had other things to think about.

"Face to face," I said, laying back, my legs apart, my erection pulsing against my stomach. Precum cooled on the head as it evaporated.

Nomi knelt between my legs and took my cock in her mouth. She had no problem deep-throating me, her mouth wet and hot, and I put my hand to her cheek, thrilled at the sensation of her mouth moving to pleasure me. Moans rumbled in my throat, and she straightened. Smiling at me, she ran her left hand over my chest and belly while her right hand found my anus, rubbing around my tight ring. I couldn't help thrusting forward a little at her touch.

"You ever had someone up your ass before?" she asked, her face again close to mine.

"Plenty. I like to get pegged."

"Good for you, but you're still a virgin until you've had a real cock in your ass. I think you'll like having something alive up there even better. Something that can fill you with cum."

She grabbed my legs and pushed them up, over my head. I was completely at her mercy now and glad of it, my ass and balls and cock completely exposed. A shiver of pleasure rolled through me as she rimmed me. After wetting me she slid a finger inside, followed by another. She stretched me, but not as much as she was going to. After a few moments she let my legs fall down on either side of her and she snugged her thighs up tight against my ass, angling herself so her cock rested against mine, our ball sacs so tight together it was just short of pain.

I grasped her cock and mine, pressing her hardness and heat against mine, heavy together in my hand. She was longer and thicker than me, and my hand couldn't completely circle both of them. I took the precum from both our penises and spread it between them so we could slide easily against each other.

"Oh, fuck," she gasped. "You've got such a hard cock." She pulled away, her erection towering above mine, and scooped up more of our precum in her hand, coating the cleft between her breasts with it. Then she bent over to envelop my cock between her big, slippery tits. I put my hands on them, pressing them together as she moved them back and forth over my rod. It was like being surrounded by warm satin pillows, and I moved my hips from side to side, drinking in the sensation.

She straightened again, the valley between her tits gleaming, and from somewhere she produced a pump bottle of lube. She squirted some into her hand, which then disappeared between my legs. The lube was cold against my asshole. This was going to be more than a couple of fingers up my ass, more than a strap-on; this shit was getting serious. Her fingers pushed in again, coating my sphincter with the lube. She did this several times, pushing lube up into my rectum, preparing me.

"I know you're excited, but I want you to relax," she said, fingers moving in and out of my butt. "Open up for me." The fingers pulled out; the next helping of lube went onto her cock. I got up on my elbows to get a better view of what she was going to do to me, unable to take my eyes off her rod, her hand moving up and down it as she slicked herself up. I wished it was my hand slicking her dick. "I'm going to leave so much jizz up your ass you'll be dripping for a week."

"Then fuck me," I said. Her face, shadowed and half-concealed by the fall of her dark hair, was beautiful, and in that instant I loved her for what I imagined she was going to do to me.

Still kneeling upright, Nomi took her slick, gleaming erection in her hand, bent her head to see what she was doing, and pressed the head against my butt hole. I could tell at once this was different from any dildo a woman had put into me. The softness of her glans was a new sensation, like steel wrapped in a sponge. She rocked her hips back and forth, still holding her penis, pushing a little deeper each time. It hurt, because she was bigger than any dildo I'd convinced an adventurous hook-up to fuck me with, and infinitely bigger than the two slender fingers she'd penetrated me with a few minutes ago. A spasm of anticipation ran through me.

"Relax, Tommy," she said, stroking my cock with one hand while her cock knocked on my back door. "Open up and let me in."

I did my best, wrestling control of my cock away from her, slowly stroking myself, cupping my balls, my eyes closed, imagining what it looked like from her point of view, her huge dick just beginning to penetrate my virgin asshole, the head inside. It must have worked, because all at once her cock popped through, past my sphincter and into the lube-filled cave of my rectum. We both let out a grunt.

"That's good," she said, squirting more lube on her cock. She kept rocking, slipping more and more of her dick into my ass. She was huge, and she felt even bigger, as if she was as thick as a soda can. The pain was like the ministrations of a good masseuse loosening tight muscles, sharp but carrying the promise of release.

And before I knew it her thighs rested hard against mine. She was in me up to the hilt.

"Jesus fucking damn," I gasped.

"You like my cock up your ass?"

"Shit."

She wiggled a little, and laughed as I groaned.

She bent all the way over so her breasts squished against my ribcage, trapping my cock and the hand I'd wrapped around it between us, and her tongue penetrated my mouth like her cock did my ass. She gave me a long, slow kiss. "It's all the way in. Your butt is so fucking tight...How you doing, baby?"

"Feel's so good," I said, and stabbed my tongue out to lick her lips.

"You want me to fuck you?" She straightened back up, hands on my thighs.

"Ream me."

She pulled back, and I swear it was like taking a shit I'd held too long. But instead of coming out, she held herself for a moment, barely inside, and thrust back in. A moan rose from my throat and escaped my lips. She moved out and back in, again and again, stretching my anus a little more each time, emptying me and filling me over and over. My hands found my own ass cheeks, pulling them apart, then slid inward until I touched her cock and balls and my stretched-out ring. When she was all the way in again I circled the base of her cock with my thumb and forefinger. She didn't break the rhythm of her strokes, her hips pushing back and forth, each thrust feeling better than the last.

"Are you going to come for me?" she asked. "Let me see you play with yourself."

I brought a hand up and put two fingers in her mouth. She sucked on them, getting them wet, and I wrapped them around my tumescent shaft. My cock ached, and my balls were full, eager for release.

"Are you ready to come?" I asked her. "You gonna fill my ass with your cum?"

"It's going to overflow. Shit, you are so... god damned... fucking... tight."

I was rubbing myself hard now, feeling my orgasm building, and she was ramming herself into me, over and over, sometimes steadily, sometimes slamming in to the hilt and holding herself there, letting me savor the sensation of being filled by her. It was a like a perfect storm of sex, fucking and masturbating at the same time, and the rising tide of cum was unstoppable.

"I'm coming," I said, and grunted and moaned as my seed seemed to pause at the tip of my cock, gathering itself, before spurting outward, covering my belly with my creamy white jizz.

The sight of my cock jetting pearly seed onto my stomach was apparently enough to put Nomi over the edge as well. She cried out, her back arched and her head thrown back. Her cock, already huge in my back passage, seemed to grow even more. Her orgasm was like liquid fire, and I felt each pulsation as she pumped semen into me. I thought it would never end, and it was still going when she dropped her head forward, black hair covering her face, and roughly yanked her dick from my ass, still squirting, showering semen on my hard cock and belly and chest. I grasped her dick, rubbing it as if I could help, but it was obvious she didn't need me. I pulled it down to bring it against my own erection again, wrapping us together with both hands.

At last her cock stopped pumping semen and she relaxed. Some of it had landed on my face; I licked my lips, savoring its tang. She was still hovering there, grinning, her heavy breasts dangling above our cuddling cocks. I reached down to my belly, dipped two fingers into the pool of our mixed cum, and brought them dripping up to her mouth. She sucked them in, savoring our cum before swallowing it and licking my fingers clean. As she did this, her own hand did the same to me, and I sucked and swallowed as well.

She sat back on the couch, pulling her cock away from mine. I slid to the floor, intending to take my place between her knees and find out what an ass-reaming cock tasted like, but before I could our little retinue of futa and non-futa hangers-on closed in on us. Two women, one futa and one not, came in and started licking and sucking Nomi's cock, which showed no sign of softening. Someone else's hands were on my ass, and a moment later a warm, wet tongue started licking and kissing my gaping, slightly sore anus. Soon I was rolled onto my back and several futa licked my cock and torso clean. I lay back and let them, not even touching them, allowing myself to relax into their licks and kisses, resting from the exertions of our near-simultaneous orgasms. Eventually they drifted away, and Nomi and I were left on the couch, holding each other, kissing gently. I looked down at her still engorged penis and gave it a gentle flick with my finger. It wobbled back and forth.

"You look like you're still ready to go," I said.

"You haven't fucked me yet," she said.

I found that I was right, I was indeed ready to go again even after the monstrous orgasm I'd just had. She kissed me and got up on her hands and knees, her erection dangling between her legs, and I leaned over her, kissing her back, feeling above her balls for the opening to her vagina.

"You're so wet," I said, rubbing her.

"Poor little pussy doesn't get as much action as my cock," she said over her shoulder.

I pushed a finger into her, then a second.

"More," she said, and I put a third finger in, stretching her, but then pulling out to find her clit, right up under the short little perineum beneath her tight ball sac. My fingers were wet with her juices, and she put her head down on her arms, little sounds of pleasure coming from her as I circled and stroked her clit.

I took my cock in my hand aimed it at her waiting hole, dipping the tip between her labia, rubbing it up and down, teasing her.

"Fuck me," she said, looking back at me, tongue between her lips.

I reached around and grabbed her cock and shoved myself into her. Her eyes closed and her back arched. She was slick and open, but tightened around my shaft when I couldn't get any further up inside her. Her rod was heavy in my hand, hot and rigid. Nomi let out something between a cry and a grunt every time I shoved my cock into her. My free thumb found the top of the cleft between her ass cheeks and slid down it until I could push it into her asshole.

Her cock seemed to grow in my hand, and I knew she was close to orgasm. I squeezed harder and stroked faster, my own cock ramming her just as fast, my thumb plugging her ass.

"Oh, yesssss!" she cried as her penis pumped out hot wads of cum. The walls of her vagina seemed to ripple around my shaft, drawing an unexpected orgasm from me as well. I closed my eyes, a little dizzy.

Once our hearts resumed calmer beats, we rose unsteadily from the couch. It was a bit of a mess from her orgasm, and we warned two futa girls who were aiming to take it over from us. They took a closer look at what Nomi had left behind, made faces at it, then laughed and took off in another direction.

Nomi helped me gather my clothes. "You look kind of done-in," she said. I glanced down; her penis hung, long and thick but no longer erect.

"I am," I admitted. "I think I'll head home. What about you?"

"I think I'll find a nice girl to settle down with for the evening." She gave my flaccid member a squeeze. "Someone who wants a big cock inside her and nice soft tits against hers."
