"A WHAT?" My teammates all raise their voices incredulously at what we just heard from our head coach.

"I will repeat. A girl will be participating in walk-on tryouts tomorrow."

"It's a girl? What the fuck is this? This is a shitshow!" One of the linebackers screams back at the coach.

"She... guys, I scouted this girl in Japan..."

"JAPAN?!" A small group of players raises their voices in displeasure.

"She's not even one of those cornbread girls from Nebraska!" One of the O linemen said.

"She's something special. Something I, no, the world has never seen before," The Coach said.

"Bullshit, Coach." Gregory, the starting right tackle, snarled back at the Head Coach.

"Men, to be honest with you. We need new equipment and funding. As a Division Three program, it is hard enough to stay afloat year after year. The administrators are thinking about shutting us down. After COVID, the school has been in a dire financial situation. Since the Football program spends the most money at a low division, they think they need to cut us. We need something special to get funding and the alumni to donate. I believe she is the solution." That's Head Coach, Darnell Williamson, a Fifty-Four-year old grizzled veteran of the football coaching ranks. Cartman University is his first head coaching opportunity. I owe him a lot for allowing me on the team as a walk-on wide receiver and achieving my dream of playing college ball, even if it is division three.

"We are a joke now. Laughing stock. After this year I'm done." R.J. Duncanson, the number one receiver of the team. He could easily be a mid-major D1 receiver but was kicked off of other D-1 teams during his Freshman and sophomore years. Oh, and committed a felony while at Florida State University during his sophomore year. He's reformed but is still slightly mad that he's not a D1. Also, he's a major slacker who relies on his natural abilities. We appreciate him though.

"This is final. I hope you all welcome her with open arms tomorrow during tryouts. Good night everyone." The head coach and the rest of the staff walk out of the lecture hall before any of the other players can raise any questions. The next few minutes are filled with sarcastic laughter and a bunch of talk about transferring or quitting the team.

"You think this is for real, Quinn? A girl, playing college football? At an actual position? Unreal" My friend, Clark asks me quietly as we sit in the back of the lecture hall watching the rest of the men leave in disgust.

"I guess so. Can't do anything about that now. I'll see you tomorrow at practice. Gotta get home."

"Alright, man. This is wild, dude. My dad's gonna freak out when I tell him I'm about to play football with a girl."

"Ha, like you see the field anyways," I say as Clark snarls back at me as I dab him up and leave for my dorm room.

Cartman University. One of the few schools in Colorado that basically admits everyone into the school. Although there is a myth going around that the school automatically declines students with the name "Kyle." Apparently, our founder, Eric Cartman, built this school with his own money after he became a billionaire after converting to Judaism. He's quoted as saying during the opening of the school, "This school is built on the tears of my friend Kyle so others may thrive." I always cross the sculpture of Eric Cartman that has the headstone saying "Eric Cartman: The Greatest Jew to Ever Live." No one pays much mind to it. Although we do have some ultra Cartman followers who take it too far sometimes.

As for me, I just get to my dorm, lay my backpack on the floor, and head off to sleep. I'm probably the one percent of people here who don't "live it up." The college experience was not really for me. I always lived by the mantra, "study, football, sleep, repeat." So now is sleepy time.

*knock, knock, knock*

Oh god, it's probably one of the students wanting to hang out with one of the football players for the night. "Come drink with us. Party. You're awesome." Blah blah. Anywhere you go, it's like a badge of honor to party with a football player. It's overrated to me

I open the door, my eyes are blurry from my tiredness. But all I can make out is a tall, built figure about the same height as me, around 6' 1".

"How can I help you?" I ask groggily to the blurred figure.

"Oh sorry to bother you..." I instantly hear a faint, possibly Japanese accent, respond to me, "I was just wondering where the laundry is?"

I rub my eyes and nonchalantly shake off the cobwebs from my head. I stutter, "It's down... the," I give a slight yawn and rub my eyes then finish, "hall to the..." my eyes clear up for the first time as my finger leaves my eye. The figure in front of me starts to form. My face and upper body jolt in shock and near terror. "... right." the last word trails off as I take in what I can fully see now. It is like looking at an Asian Amazonia Horror Goddess. Only wearing a tight black Nike sports bra and pink Nike swim shorts that further accentuate her muscles. The muscles on her arms have muscles. I don't know whether her thighs or her boobs are making my head spin more. Her long black hair drapes right down to a slight view of the underboob popping out of her sports bra. But it is her eyes. Her eyes are so big and her pupils are pure black. She looks like a bodybuilder or even a fo...

"ariga..., umm I mean thank you." She slightly bows her head and walks off in haste with her laundry in hand.

What the fuck did I just see? A fucking beauty. A fucking villain. I may need to go to the student gym to find her. I plop back down on the bed, still amazed. Shamefully I must admit, I sort of, "thought about her all night."

And even more shamefully, I am currently at the student gym, at 8:30 in the morning, in the hopes she's one of those morning workout people. I swear I am not obsessed. I walk around the gym, all awkward, my eyes like a hawk trying to find the beauty I saw last night. Everyone is looking at me like some weirdo stalker. To be fair...

"Hey, buddy! Fancy seeing you here. What are you up to?" Gregory, the right tackle surprises me as he gets up from the bench press.

"Probably stalking some girl, huh?" His girlfriend, Jess says as she moves over to his side after spotting him for his set. I hate the fact that she was right.

I just stood there and sighed. I am always so jealous when I see the happy couple there together. Their story is somewhat unique, more or less hilarious. Everyone on the team knew that Gregory was bi. He never made a secret of the fact. He always talked about how he preferred sucking on a cock over a clit. "I always need a cock to suck before a game. It is my pregame ritual." He would from time to time remind us. So after the countless hookups, he had with all spectrums of the sexuality meter, he finally settled with Jess. The 5' 11" athletic beauty also happens to be a transgender female. Her pale skin and silky blonde hair made every unknowing man turn their head. But for whatever reason what she was packing scared countless men. Until she met Greg, who self-explained, "devours her cock every chance I get."

And Greg, being the cunning ass he is, took full advantage of his relationship. He took to Instagram, he even wrote the post in front of the team and wrote about how "hard" it was for him to come out as bi. And how he hopes everyone accepts him for who he is and that "love is love" or some bullshit like that. On the first day, everyone in town supported him, then by the end of the week, the entire country supported him. All of this support led him to sign a total of two million dollars in NIL money. He is not only the richest player below the D1 level but also makes more money than any of the coaches below D1. As one magazine called him, "A true national football hero."

"We are done here, I'm gonna go slurp on my girl's cock before practice. You wanna come with?" 'The true national hero,' asks with all the sarcasm in the world.

I should be shocked by the offer, but he always does this. They are a very promiscuous couple. "Thanks but no thanks. Think I may just get a quick workout here."

"Oh, a walking cardio session while stalking your crush? Fair enough. Have fun." Gregory walks off, carrying his girl in his hands as they make out for everyone to see. I just shake my head as they walk off.

I walk around the surprisingly crowded weights area at 8:45 in the morning. I reach the squat rack area and there is a small group of guys watching quietly.

"Dude, she's amazing." One of them whispers loud enough for the conjugation of boys to hear.

"I have never seen a girl squat so much." They whisper amongst themselves.

She came into view and there she was. The same girl that was by my door last night. Her muscles are even more defined now than when I first saw her. She looks straight into the mirror, determined to squat what looks like 320 pounds. I noticed that she was not fully Japanese. In my groggy state, I only noticed her accent last night. Now that I see her eyes wide open, she's Japanese but also mixed with a parent who must have been white. She looked more beautiful than any girl from South Park. She was alluring. All of the boys squirm and groan as her ass in her tight dark blue compression shorts part as she dips for her squat. Her big boobs protrude out in her white workout crop top. As she finishes her squat, we all watch in amazement as her sweat flings off her body and her long black hair sways from the momentum of the lift.

She sets the bar on the rack. Her head turns toward the crowd. Her eyes shoot right at us. Me and the others cringe in horror. God those eyes are so scary. She heads off to the locker room and her backside has the guys back in dreamland. We stand there jaw dropped. We all watched as her newly worked-out ass swayed before our eyes. I and many others exited the gym and had some alone time in our rooms.

After a pre-practice nap, I head out to the football locker room to get ready for practice. The locker room is full of conversation about whether the girl will show up, how good she may be, or the fact she's from a country like Japan.

As I put on my pads, I feel a slap on my shoulder. I look up and it's R.J. getting ready beside me as he says, "So I heard she's a cornerback. Dude, she's going to be covering your ass out there."

"She's going to show up? Wild, huh? I guess I may just have to embarrass her." I laugh. There's no way a little girl is going to outplay me. No way.

We walk out onto the football field for our practice and walk-on tryouts. The tryouts are already on the field warming up. We size them up. I especially look at the wide receivers. It's weird knowing that a few years ago that was me being a nervous wreck out there. But now I'm the one nitpicking at everything they do.

After our stretching routine, Coach Williamson blew his whistles and yelled, "Gather up!"

"Fuck yeah, can't wait to embarrass some bitches today," RJ says as we huddle together.

"Where's that wannabe girl at? Always wanted to hit one." A third-string linebacker quips

"Alright, alright, boys. Today is walk-on tryouts. Play hard and show these guys why they weren't recruited in the first place. But don't go out of your way and kill them." The team chuckles as Coach Williamson brings us together.

Coach Williamson turns his attention to the walk-on who have their helmets on. "Please take your helmet off and introduce yourself to the team."

We watch one after another introduce and say their name and the position they are trying out for. All unremarkable and all doing this because they think they can hang. There is of course the small Delta frat boy. The Deltas have this tradition where the guy who came in last in the pledge rankings has to participate in football tryouts as a running back.

"Toby McCoy, running back," The Delta winced when it was his turn to introduce himself. I can see why he pledged. The guy is 5' 6" and would have had zero chance to hook up with a hottie if he was not a Delta. The price guys would pay for some ass. He's guaranteed to have at least three cracked ribs by the end of the day. His boyish good looks may disappear as well.

We get down the line. All the players are giddy with excitement to see the last tryout. The player steps forward and takes off their helmet. I recognize that straight black hair and those haunted eyes anywhere.

"Yuhara Ahri," She says in a stoic tone. Yuhara looks forward staring blankly forward with ferocity in her eyes.

"Bro, she's fucking scary," One player said quivering.

"Nah she's hot," The team was split in half like myself. Was she a goddess or the Terminator?

"Dude she has bigger muscles than our fucking linebackers," The kicker laughs in the back.

"You punks better get in the gym and pray she doesn't change positions," The linebacker coach jested at his position players.

"Hey, Yuhara is white, not Japanese," One of the players noticed her unique complexion.

"No dumbass, she's half white, half Japanese. Her father is an American Veteran and her mother is Japanese." Coach Williamson corrected him. "And for you uncultured ones, her first name is Ahri."

"Is everything ass backward in Japan?" R.J. quips.

My eyes linger on Ahri. Her head drops and her stoic nature gives way to a sign of sadness.

"You know what R.J. you are training with the walk-ons today," Coach Williamson says sternly.

"Fuck off," R.J. says as his shoulders slump.

Ahri eyes gravitate to R.J. with all the malice she could muster. Damn, she was beautifully scary. Her light freckles were adorable. Her triceps and biceps were imposing.

"Enough. Let's get going. Everyone with the strength coach. Stretching and warm-ups." The Coach says.

We all get into our lines and begin our normal warm-up. The whistle of the strength coach is louder than normal. His intensity is up a notch since he gets to work his magic on the walk-ons.

We could already tell Coach Williamson has cut about 75% of the people in his head. Many of them needed to be more coordinated to play at this level. And we were just doing ordinary exercises. They probably thought this was a piece of cake and that anyone could do it because it is "D3". They can go back to yelling at the big dog Alabama players on their TVs.

We spread out eight long across each of the 10-yard markers. Ahri is towards the back, on the 20-yard line. The strength coach calls for us to spread our feet just past our shoulder length and bend down. One of the walk-ons yells "GOD DAMN!" I look back and the man nearly falls over as his face is in direct line with Ahri's ass. All those squats she does, plus her ass in those football pants damn near made a man faint.

"Get that man out of here. No dicking around," Coach Williamson yelled. Two assistants grabbed the man's arms and dragged him out of practice.

Coach Williamson clapped his hands, "Alright, Defense and Offense split with your coaches. Walk-ons with me for the agility test."

It was the normal run-through, catching drills, route running, you know the basics. We cannot show any of these walk-ons the good stuff if they feel vindictive when they get cut.

Our attention was slowly taken away by the commotion going on during the walk-on test. Ahri was blowing everyone away. She had the fastest shuttle run and a 40-yard run. She outplayed R.J. in the ball control, ball carrying, and catching test.

"I'm just playing around guys. She ain't that good." R.J. said trying to play it off that he was coming in second in every drill. Even the Delta kid, Toby was having a surprising showing. His agility and footwork only came second to Ahri.

"Fine, come on little girl. I'll beat you in a 40. Easy work." R.J. said as he lined up on the end zone line.

Ahri retied her ponytail and stepped on the line.

"Your ass may smell good but you ain't beating me," R.J. said as his eyes lingered a little too long on Ahri's chest. "No way a girl with double Ds beating me," R.J. yelled out to us as he pointed to himself.

The strength Coach yelled, "Go." Ahri had R.J. beat on the first step. She didn't run like a girl with big tits. Her sports bra was working overtime because everything was compacted. R.J.'s natural athleticism kept him in the race. But, Ahri had him by a step once they reached the 40.

"That's fucking right," Ahri said her first words of the day pointing at R.J. Her sweet voice caught everyone off guard. "I'm faster and bigger," She sneered at him as she held her flexed right bicep in her left hand.

"Sorry, kid. She's our new weapon," Coach Williamson said to the dejected R.J.

All of the receiver's attention was on the race."Jesus Christ, Quinn. She's a superstar," Clark says as he finishes his rep.

"I need to introduce her to Jess. Just imagine those two girls together. My queen and this Amazon. Fuck I'm horny." Greg said. "Hey, Coach when can I pancake one of these frauds? I'm all pent up." Gregory yelled at the coaches.

"Alright, let's do some one-on-ones. Linemen on the southside. Quarterbacks, receivers, and D backs on the North. Everybody else with the coaches on the side.

Clark had the good fortune to go against Ahri first. He tried his best move, but Ahri went step to step with him and even drove him out of bounds. She smacked him on the butt when they were done and Clark's eyes lit up.

"Quinn, you see that?" Clark said when he got back in line.

"Yeah, she dominated you," I said shortly.

"No, well yeah, but she slapped me on the butt. She slapped me harder than my dad." Clark says as he rubbed his ass.

"Seems like she's getting comfortable out there," I said.

Most of the walk-ons headed home after their first one on one drill. The only ones left were Ahri and Toby. Toby ran scarred yet but was elusive as a fly. He was small but his feet moved well. Sure he got tackled a couple of times but he got back up. His frat brothers stopped teasing him from the fence surrounding the field once they realized Toby was earning the respect of the coaches.

It was R.J.s turn for revenge. Ahri did not take her eyes off R.J. once he lined up. The Starting Quarterback, Kyler, yelled "Hike" and R.J. got a step on Ahri crossing her face. But, Ahri recovered. Kyler threw the ball ahead of R.J. to catch it in stride. Ahri lunged out and her hand batted the ball away.

R.J. slowed down and hung his head. Ahri gave him a shoulder check as she jogged back in line. The smile on her face had everyone stunned. Her normal face may have been one of a horror ghost, but her smile made her seem like one of those K-pop idols. We all knew we had a problem on our hands now.

"That was a terrible throw, Kyler," R.J. said as he flung his arms in frustration.

"Nah, that was a perfect ball. You just needed a longer lead on her," Kyler said as he threw a perfect ball during the next pairing.

Now it was my turn to face Ahri. Her eyes were scarier through her helmet. Kyler called for the ball and I just went for a 'go' route. Which was fucking stupid. She was all up on me. I achieved no separation once the ball was en route. She won the hand fighting too. She denied any possibility for me to catch the ball perfectly. She was a reincarnation of Deion Sanders. The ball got to me but I got off balance. She took me to the ground and her hard body piled on me. I realized two things right there. She was better than me. And she was definitely stronger than me.

I tried to get up from under her but she just laid on me. Her eyes did not leave mine. It took me a couple of seconds to feel her soft tits on me. It was like a nice, heavy blanket on my shoulder pads.

In my heaving breathing, I say, "I'm Quinn. Guess you are my new teammate." She did not respond. She just held her gaze. "Are you okay?" I ask her.

That snapped her out of it and she got up. She held her hand to help me up. I took it and without a hint of effort, picked me right up.

She yelled out to Coach with the sweetest voice, "Medical, Coach!"

Coach Williamson responded, "Of Course. Take your time, Yuhara."

The intensity of practice died down once Ahri went to the locker room. With most of the walk-ons gone, the tryout turned more into a regular practice. The surprise, despite Ahri, has most definitely been Toby. The quick fucker has been averaging five yards during our 7 on 7 drill.

"Dude, have you played football before?" I ask him on the sideline during a drill.

"No, the only sport I played was field hockey to help my sister train at home. I was not much into sports. I just came here to party with girls. Now I'm risking my life every other minute playing football to stay in this damn frat."

Fair enough. But I think he has a lot more Football in the future.

We did some light contact scrimmaging to end the practice. Ahri jogged back from the locker room. The coach put her in for the final play. She subbed in for one of the safeties who missed their assignment.

I happened to be playing the slot. I faked a flat route and ran a slant. I beat my defender and the middle was wide open. Kyler threw the ball a little too far ahead of me. But, I stretched out to snag the ball. Just as the ball hit my hand, I felt the heaviest hit of my life. My eyes were straight up and my body was flat on the ground. The team hovered over me. Not to check on me but to congratulate Ahri on the hit stick she just put on me.

"You good?" Clark said to me as he crouched down to check on me.

"Yeah, I'll survive. Did I get hit by a train?" I ask groggily.

"No, you got hit by a chick, my man," Clark said as he joined the team in dabbing up Ahri.

The Coach blew his whistle and the team dispersed and jogged back into the locker room leaving me to wallow.

"Come on up, Quinn," Ahri took off her glove and held her bare hand out to help me up for the second time today.

I grabbed her bare hand with my bare hand and a jolt shot right to my cock. I stood up and we just stood there looking into each other.

She quietly said, "hmm, interesting," and ran into the locker room joining the rest of the team. Interesting was right. It's one thing to get knocked out. It's another to get knocked out and have a boner right after. Am I really going to have a boner every time I play with her? So much for football being my safe space.

I limped back. It took me a minute to get there. Everyone was undressed from their football pads as I got back.

"Good practice everyone. Now let me announce this year's two walk-ons. Toby McCoy and Ahri Yuhara." The team gives them two a loud applause as the coach embraces both of them. They all converge to celebrate with them.

I join in and congratulate both.

"We need to celebrate. Both of you are coming to my party." Gregory says.

"I, I have frat duties tonight. They will get mad if I go," Toby says as Gregory towers over him.

"Fuck those losers. You are a college football player now. You thought those idiots could get you laid. Just wait for what we have in store for you," Gregory holds him up. Toby knods his head like a rabid bunny.

"And what do you have for me?" Ahri said back to Gregory. The team fell silent. No one expected the quiet girl from before to snap back.

"Anything you want superstar! You're about to lead us to a championship!" Gregory says as he dabbed up Ahri.

"No, I'm leading this team," R.J. said as he sat in his locker.

"Shut up. We have an actual superstar now," Gregory said back.

The strength coach brought me an ice pack for my ribs. I sat down at my locker and assessed the damage. Yup, bruised. I'm going to be feeling that tomorrow morning.

"Sorry to hit you so hard, Quinn. You just lined up perfectly for me," Ahris's sweet voice said.

"It's all good. You hit pretty hard. Make sure to do that to the other team next time," I reply. This time we bump knuckles. However, the same result occurs. The same jolt went straight to my cock.

"You look a little flush. Are you good?" She asked. Oh god, she notices.

"I'm perfect. Just need to get to the trainers to look at my ribs." I skirt away.

I do go to the trainers. They say it will take a week to heal. Holy hell she did a number on me. She hits like an NFL player. To be honest, I don't think she's human, she's otherworldly.

I settled down in my dorm room. I tried to get some studying done but I was knocked out from practice. My head hit the open book and I was out.

The phone by my side wakes me up. Gregory has been texting me nonstop.

But the final one got my attention: "Bro, get the fuck here! This chick is drinking everyone out of the house. You have to see this!"

Fine, fine. I grab a soda, gulp it down, put on my jacket and head out. Fortunately, Greg's place is not too far away from the dorm. Like I said, that NIL money ran deep. He could afford a two-bedroom apartment downtown and still have enough to not live off of frozen food. Especially with Jess's, budding social media rise, those two are the power couple of our school.

Now Gregory's parties are always eventful. I remember my first one last year when the night I made the team, I ended up praying to the porcelain god for hours after taking tequila shots with everyone on the team. I have become much more tame after that. Some embrace it, I learned from it.

But this party looked extra spicy. I had to step over six passed-out people lining the hallway. I opened the unlocked door and the music was roaring. The majority were either on the floor or on the couch in the daze.

"Kobe! That's another one!" The voice was instantly recognizable. That sweet voice was emaculating our Senior Linebacker in a game of beer pong. "Drink up, buddy," The linebacker reluctantly drank his cup while Ahri took a swig of her Jack Daniels bottle. Damn, the girl could out drink an entire football team and fraternity in one night.

"Man, I would've one if she didn't distract me with her damn titties!" RJ shouted from the couch as the cute blonde girl he was holding with his arms pushed away from him.

"All talk, no bite from RJ again. I'm bigger than you in every conceivable way, dude," Ahri said as she dropped another ball into a cup, turned to R.J., and gave him a crotch grab.

"Bullshit," R.J. let the topic go as he knew there was no coming back.

"Let me show you. Come here Trisha," Ahri pointed at the cute blonde girl R.J. was holding and told her to come here with her finger. The girl sprang up and pranced over to Ahri with a smile on her face. Ahri stepped away from the billiards table they were playing beer pong on. She had on a denim blue top that was tied above her abdomen with a smidge of underboob peeking through, tight jean shorts, and knee-high cowgirl boots.

"Dude, she's so damn hot. How is she our teammate?" Clark says as he comes up to me holding his drink.

"What I would do to get her and Jess in the same bed, man," Gregory comes to the other side with his beer belly proudly out.

Our jaws drop as Ahri manhandles Trisha into a kiss. Trisha's body melts into Ahri's boobs as she moans at Ahri's invasion. Her moans stop what everyone's doing and everyone takes in the view of these two hotties kissing.

"Mmmmm fuuck," Trisha moans as a string of saliva connects the two as they end their kiss.

"Did she just orgasm from a kiss?" Clarks asks, bewildered.

"I think she did," Gregory said with uncertainty.

"Oh she absolutely nutted in her panties," Jess bluntly said as she joined our trio and kissed Greg on the neck.

"So who kissed you better? Me or that pipsquek over there?" Ahri asked Trish as she gave her a few more pecks.

"Pipsquek? Why you..." R.J. snapped

"You, Ahri. So much better," Trish said in a daze.

Ahri stuck her tongue out and grimaced at R.J. "See, better than you." R.J. flaunted his hand at Ahri and left the party.

"Oh my God, Bestie, you are amazing!" Jess said as she ran over to Ahri for a hug. "That boy is so annoying. Thinks he's so great. You just put him in line."

"A girl just has to assert her dominance, Jess," Ahri said as she flicked her hair and her black eyes looked directly at us.

"She's so hot but so scary at the same time. She's scarier than a horror villain," Clark states as his knees buckle.

"Hey boys, why don't you play a game of beer pong against us?" Jess says to the three of us.

"I'll let you two handle this. I'm too drunk to lose to girls. I'll see you guys at practice," Clark says as he gulps his drink and leaves. Looking around, there are few people left. Basically just the four of us.

"Mmmm yess," Greg chugs the rest of his beer and slams it on the living room table, "Best on best. Don't hold me back, Quinn," He says as we head over to the table.

Jess follows Ahri's shirt and ties it around her midriff. The psychological games have already begun. Damn, their tits are nice. Jess has been blessed by the hormone gods with her perky ones. But, Ahri was blessed by the gods with her pair of WMDs.

"We will let you boys go first. Good luck," Jess passes the ball to her boyfriend as Gregory smirks. Both Jess and Ahri give Gregory a seductive look as he approaches.

"Ugh, you know I love that look," Gregory flings the ball with a smirk on his face, "But, it won't stop me," The ball goes in clean on the middle cup in the third row.

Jess sticks her tongue out as she drinks her cup. But she doesn't swallow. Jess and Ahri kiss as they share the beer while looking directly at us. Jess takes the ball and makes her shot. Gregory and I do not have that same relationship so I was content with Gregroy taking this drink for the team.

"Don't miss big boy," Ahri leans down and shows me her cleavage. Fuck me. How is this the same girl that knocked me out hours ago? And Jess just had to come up behind her and grab her tits and jiggle them. I swallow inside with my eyes fighting to concentrate between my shot and her tits. I take the ball and take my shot. It doinks off the back row cup.

"Fuck," I groan as Jess and Ahri laugh and high-five each other.

"How did you two become so close?" Gregory asks.

"Well..." Ahri says smirking and eyeing Jess.

"We found out we are more like in more ways than one," Jess laughs as she hugs Ahri.

"Ugggh you two are so hot," Gregory says as he sips his beer.

"Come on, this needs to be more of a challenge. I think Quinn needs to take his shirt off to distract me," Ahri says as she twirls the little ball in her palm.

Gregory hits me on the chest and mouths "Come on." I take off my shirt and give some attitude back at Ahri.

"Show me what you got, little girl," I sassed back at Ahri. I flex my abs and goad her further.

Ahri and Jess cheez back as Ahri squeals looking at me.

"I told you the guy you pummeled was hot. Quite but hot. A little mysterious," Jess says to Ahri.

"What so mysterious? Just a mediocre football player with short black hair and nice abs," Ahri says looking at me.

"Ummm, leading walk-on in receiving yards last year may I add," I say back.

"Oh, so impressive," Ahri says sarcastically as she sinks her shot. "Drink up," Ahri says with a scary smile. I chug it so she doesn't add on any more banter.

We trade a couple of rounds. Gregory and Jess egg each other on for each of their shots. Ahri is taking digs on me but I find it hard to get any back on her. Her tits malfunction my brain every time she leans down when I'm about to shoot. We get down to where each team has three cups remaining.

"Time to bring out the big guns, baby," Jess says as she and Ahri strip to their underwear. My draw drops again. They both turn around showing their beautiful asses. Jess is tight and a handful while Ahri is thick and squishy. Any man would want to dive in there for hours.

But then they turn around. Jess's girl cock has bulged to the side where it leaves little to the imagination. But Ahri, god Ahri.

"Jesus, Ahri you are bigger than Jess," Gregory says gobsmacked. "Dude chicks with dick man, nothing beats it,"

I become sheepish, "I know. You two are..."

"Goddess. Queens. Succubi. Muses." Jess and Ahri trade-off.

Ahri's cockhead peaks through her panties and we both watch it twitch and grow before our eyes.

"I can't take this anymore, sorry buddy," Greg drops the ball, abruptly grabs Jess, and takes her into his bedroom.

"Yes, big boy, suck me," Jess moans loud enough to hear it past the bedroom door.

I pick up the ball and miss my attempt. "I cannot believe a man his size gets on his knees like that."

"I can. Gregory is hot." Ahri eyes me up. "Would love to see you in that position too." Ahri sinks her shot leaving two cups left.

I swallow inside again. She's making me hot. Like sweat dripping down my neck hot. I drink the cup and my eyes linger on her growing cock. Now the entire head is peeking through.

"See something you like? Jess hinted you like girls like me," She said swaying her hips.

I try to ignore the subject and redirect, "I never would have guessed you are trans like Jess."

"Well, I'm not trans. So your intuition was correct," She said

My head is spinning. Not trans? It is all in front of me. Her big tits, her huge cock. But, no Adam's apple or any signs of a girl transitioning like Jess was last year.

"Yes, yes, yes fuck me, big boy. Fuck my pussy," Jess screams from the bedroom.

I shake my head from all the sexual stimuli. The competitiveness starts to spring up. I line up for my shot, but the ultimate distraction hit. Her nipples began to leak. Fuuuck why is something like that making my cock jump. Then her phone goes off. An alarm.

"Fuck not now. I lost track of time. No, no, no," Ahri panics as she loses her balance.

I rush over to her as she leans down, holding onto the table with her arm. "What's going on? Do I need to get something?"

"I need to get home. I need my medicine," she grunts

"Okay, okay," I need Greg's keys. I ubered here. Our complex is a 15-minute drive and she does not look like she has 15 minutes. I knock on Greg's bedroom door. I am only met with the mixed moans of those two going at it. So, I turned the handle, and thank god he did not lock the door. But, I am stunned by the sight. Greg's big ass body is on all fours while Jess is taking him from behind.

"Dude, what the fuck? I need your keys to take Ahri home," I say with my forearm covering my eyes.

"Ah did she drink too much? Ahri seemed like she could hold her liquor," Jess said as she kept stroking into Gregs fat ass.

"I think so. She says she just needs to get home. Dude think for a second, where are your keys?"

Greg can't stop moaning and Jess doesn't stop despite my distress. "It's right there you fucker," Greg points to the nightstand. "Don't stop Jess, keep fucking me." Greg turns over to his back as Jess takes him in missionary. I quickly snag the keys and leave the two to their sex. Fuckers could have helped but, I guess they thought Ahri just drank too much.

I get back and Ahri is hunched over and groaning.

"Come on, I got the keys. Let's go. You are probably just drunk and need some rest." I take the keys and snag a water bottle for Ahri to drink.

But she throws the bottle across the room and says, "No, Quinn, just get away from me. You can't be with me right now."

"What are you talking about? You are just drunk. Drink some liquids and you will feel better in the morning," I say as I drag her heavy body through the complex. But, I am getting the same feeling I had on the field. Touching her sends a fucking lighting strike through my body. I get all hot and heavy the more my hand lays on her skin. I try to fight through it. I need to get her back. I think we are both fighting our own battles. Mine is just much less worrisome than hers. So I have to prevail.

"Come on, there you go. A quick drive and we can get you in your bed," I say as I strap her in.

"Quinn you don't understand," Her eyes roll back and her head falls. Fuck me. I need to get her home. She must be drunk. I could not even tell. She looked so in control.

I start the car. There was little traffic on the street. I keep looking over to check on her. Still passed out. I reach over and rub her shoulder, "You will be fine. Just drank a little too much. Almost home." I don't know if I was trying to reassure her or myself. But, a bright red light brings my attention back to the road. I break hard and almost run straight into a car stopped at a red light. The sudden jolt wakes Ahri up. She lets out a soft moan that wakes up something inside me too.

"Quinn, I told you too..." her moans break up her speech, and her eyes roll again. Her hand slips down into her panties. She's doing a sexy stroking motion near her balls.

I slap her arm, "Stop being so weird. You drank way too much. Do that when I get you back. I know you Japanese girls are horny but damn," I say sternly but still a little captivated that she has no shame.

"I'm not drunk, idiot. I'm in..." One loud moan as she's stroking hard. Now I have a set of balls too but rubbing them like that has never elicited that type of moan.

"You're in what?"

"I'm in heat," Her breathe quickens

The light turns green and I overtake the car in front. Ahri is stroking her balls away as I need to get out of this situation. Practice is going to be awkward. This scary, hot, athletic girl is jacking off in my friend's car. I don't know how we are going to recover from this. For now, I just need to get this girl home.

"Quinn, Quinn, do you remember when I destroyed you in practice?" Another moan punctuates her question as if she's jacking off to the thought of hitting me.

"I don't think I will ever forget," I reply as I park the car in the lot.

"What did you feel after I hit you?"

"My ribs cracking thank you very much," I say as I wince at the thought.

Ahri laughs as another moan escapes her, "I know that. But inside, like feelings. What did you feel? Please be honest, my life is at stake."

"Stop being so dramatic, Ahri," I try to escape answering the quest.

As I unbuckle the seat belt, she looks at me with the most sincere eyes and asks again, "Please, what did you feel?"

I fiddle with the belt and honestly say since she will forget in the morning because she's drunk, "I guess a deep attraction. Touching your skin brought this race of energy in me. As if it invigorated me. A rush like no other."

"So you get really fucking horny and all you can think about is breeding me?" Ahri says in a rush as her head slowly convulses.

"That's one way of putting it," I reply with a smirk.

"Okay get me to my room. Now!" Ahri demands. She's finally taking her hand out of her pants. Her body goes limp again and I spring out of the car.

"Anything you need. Let me just get you in bed." I hold her up with my shoulders as we trudge through the dorms.

Ahri's so damn heavy. All muscles and natural weight are burning my shoulders as I hold her up to walk because god knows I cannot carry her. Maybe she could carry me when I get drunk next time. Ahri murmured something incoherent.

"What?" I respond slightly annoyed.

"I said I need your cum, now," She said softly.

"You what?" I responded dismayed.

Ahri gathered her strength and headbutted me into the wall and held me there with the top of her hair, "I said, I need your fucking cum," Ahri growled.

"What kind of horny shit are you doing?" The residential assistant said as she opened her door.

"She's just drunk. I got her. Don't worry," I said.

"Sure, so you say. I will check back in ten," The RA said slamming her door.

What kind of girl is this? I grabbed her head and got to her door. I fiddle in her pocket trying to find her keys and accidentally scrape her hard cock. The tingle hits again. Maybe I am just horny too. I find her keys and open the door. The room seemed normal except for the weird sex toy contraptions on her desk.

She slammed her head into me, drove me into the wall, and said, "Give it to me," her horror tone scared me.

I pet her head and tried to move her off me, "Just get in bed Ahri. I don't want to do this if you are drunk."

"I told you, Quinn, I'm not drunk, I'm in heat. And those stupid devices won't work on me so I need your cock in my mouth," Ahri said as she looked up and opened her mouth showing me how wet it was.

She pressed her body into me and groped me. Her weight had me trapped and her muscles were flexing keeping me in place. She leaned up and kissed me. It felt like lightning hit me as each touch of her lips drove me crazy.

"Yeah, that's it. I don't have much time so I'm taking what I need. Please cum for me," Ahri said as she sunk to her knees.

Her forwardness was a fucking turn-on. I let her control me as I threw all my inhibitions away. She was not passive either. Ahri went straight down my entire length. Damn, she could suck. Her mouth was sucking as if she was trying hard to milk me. Her tongue flicks my sensitive parts every time she comes up. I felt like I was crumbling. She was turning me insane with her mouth. In a moment, I felt my balls churning. Her hand cups my balls as her fingers stroke and massage the back of my balls.

"Fuck, yes, I'm cumming, I'm cumming," I moan. Her mouth goes balls deep and I penetrate her throat as she contracts her muscles around my head. I am not even in control anymore. Her throat contractions force each jet of cum out of my cock. She holds me in her throat for at least thirty seconds. As she comes off my cock, a mixture of her spit and my cum creates a strain connecting her mouth to my chin.

Ahri twirls the strain around her finger and licks it all up. Fuck this girl is sexy. I wish I could just pick her up and fuck her on her bed. But, one, she's way stronger than me. And two, for the first time in my life, my balls actually felt empty.

"So that is what it is like to swallow cum from someone you're connected to," Ahri said to herself. Her drunken, horny nature finally dissipates. Maybe she is a nympho. I chuckle inside at the thought of cum making her settle down.

I intervene as she talks to herself and says, "Connected? What is going on Ahri?"

She puts a hand on my relaxed shoulder, looks at me with her dark eyes, and replies, "Quinn. I am a futa."

"A what?" I reply perplexed.

"A futa. Let me show you," Ahri stripped out of her jeans and pulled down her panties. Her cock was even bigger now than when it was at the party. It had to be at least ten inches. A cock that could only be seen in porn. She then grabbed my hand and brought it to her cock.

Even in my empty state, feeling her cock invigorated me. I have never touched another person's cock but Ahri's was one I needed more of. I begged her to force my hand down more of her length. And she obliged me.

She took me down her erect length and whispered, "I can get bigger," as she then made me cup her huge, hanging balls. God, they were so big. I do not know how she kept those tucked and hidden. They were at least the size of a tennis ball just hanging right down to the middle of her quads. She must be able to squirt so much when she cums. And I wanted to watch her. My used cock twitches at the thought of it.

"Since we are connected, I can make you horny and cum as many times as I want. If you were wondering why you feel horny again," She said to me with a smile. I could only nod as I played with her big balls and felt the smoothness of her sack.

Then after cupping her balls, she came closer and pressed her body up to mine.

"Now for the fun part, Quinn," Ahri said, as she moved my hand down to her taint.

"What the fuck," I gasp, as my fingers do not feel smooth skin, but a moist, wet, hot vagina with stretchy lips that just so happen to be my favorite.

"How?" I ask bewildered.

"Futa's have both, Quinn," Ahri says kissing me as I play between her pussy and her balls to make sure I was not going crazy. I even went down further to make sure she had an asshole. Sure enough, she did. She even trapped my middle finger with her hole for a second as I explored down there.

"I don't understand," I say. My entire nail was stuck in her ass.

"Futa's have both," Ahri said as she moved away from me and sat on her bed. She spread her legs and showed me her cock, which grew at least two inches, and her pussy. "My mother was a futa. And so am I. My dad told me a Japanese medical company made a bunch of futas after World War 2 to increase the Japanese population."

I sat beside her on her bed. I was captivated so I wanted to know more, "How does it all work then? How did you become a futa?"

"Only a futa can give birth to another futa. I had no say in what I am. My dad saved my mom's life. They had their fairy tale love and had me." I felt that Ahri was holding something back. Her demeanor changed. Her smile was forced but I did not want to press her.

She saw my analyzing everything. She leaned over, touched my leg, and changed the subject, "I'm sorry about what I just did. I was in heat and I needed your cum or I would be in shit right now." She said with a laugh.

"Yeah, this whole 'in heat' thing. Are you like a cat or something?"

"Kind of. You see..." Her hand rubs up to my chest, "Futa's need to cum every six hours to stay sain. You see all those devices on my nightstand." I look over her WMDs and notice her collection of dildos and strikers. "Those help me with my 'problem.' Jess, Greg, and you distracted me tonight."

"Tonight was pretty fun. Time was lost to me too. Just give us a warning next time," I laugh.

"No one is supposed to know though. You just happened to be there and you are mine now," Ahri says as she brings her hand back lower to my exposed cock. "You see, if I ever go past six hours without cumming, a futa needs a man's cum. Especially the cum of a man we are connected to."

"What happens if you don't get my cum?" I ask as she straddles me and grinds her ass on my cock.

"Septic shock, seizure, brain hemorrhage," She says causally.

"That's not good," I try to hold a moan back as the heat from her ass and cock as she grinds me gets me going again.

"No, it is not good, Quinn. So from here on out, you will be my hottie lifesaver," Ahri says grinding harder.

"Do I have a choice?"

"Nope. You were born to be mine," She leans down and bites my neck and then kisses it sending me back into ecstasy.

"Are you in heat again?" I ask as my cock flinches to her nibbles.

"No. I just want you to make my cock cum," Her hand guides my lower chest down onto her bed as she straddles me on my chest.

I look up at her in bewilderment as her cock is reaching my forehead as she straddles me by my nipples. I go crosseyed as I look up at her beautiful cock and the blood red head.

"Just give in. You know you want to taste it," She says rubbing the lower length of her cock. She was right. I needed to taste it. My lips cusp the middle of her pole as I taste the skin of her cock.

"It's so hot," I blurt out without thinking as I kiss more and more of it. I find a vein and run my tongue along the length. It is as if her cock has me hypnotized. My body is running on nitrous as I lick and hold her. I thought touching her for the first time was intense at football practice, this was a whole new world.

Ahri smiles down at me. She opens her mouth wide showing me what she wants me to do. I nod and open my mouth as wide as I can. She grabs hold of her big girlcock and feeds it to me. The intrusion makes me gag but I hold it in. My tongue attempts to defend my throat by blocking the head of her cock from going any further. But the taste of her precum is sweet and makes me want more. I lick and flick her head making her moan and squeal. But Ahri's devilish, sexy grin has me in full submission.

Ahri's weight on her knees drops and I feel the full force of her body. But, more than that, I feel the full weight of her balls on my throat.

"I can't... can't breathe," I wither in pain as she moves her large sack to the side.

"Sorry babe, sorry," Ahri says as she ruffles my hair. "It's been a long time since I have been on top. Forgive me for not knowing my strength." She crawls to her pillows and lays on her back. She strokes her inhuman-sized cock that had to be bigger than my forearm with diabolical lust in her eyes and says, "Keep worshipping me, Quinn."

I love the feeling of crawling to her. Ahri's big girl meat is more enticing than anything I have encountered. I grab hold of her thick base and I suck making her know I am begging for more of her precum. She held my head in place as I made sounds I never thought I would make. I kissed and licked down her cock and made my way down to her big, smooth balls. It was as if my intuition and instincts took over and I knew just how to please her. Maybe all the porn I watched in the past helped but it was easy finding each one of her sensitive spots. My hands were bigger than average, yet I could not wrap my hand around her girth.

I inched down more to her hot spot. To get down there, I needed to lift her balls with my freehand. I licked my lips at her slit and I could only imagine how her pussy tasted.

But just as my tongue was about to lick her other wetness, she bonked me on the top of my head with her cock, "No," She declared.

"What? Why not?" I pleaded.

Ahri now smacked me on the cheek with her heavy cock. The weight of it made me adjust my jaw. "You need to earn my pussy," Ahri said biting her lip.

She got off telling me what I could or could not do. Her wetness now trailed down to her asshole and smeared on the bed. "How so?" I ask very needy.

"You have to beat me on the field," She said with conviction then bonking me on the head with her cock but leaving it right by my lips for me to suck on. I obliged and let my tongue lick her cock slit as I already missed the taste of her precum. She continued, "If you beat me, and impress me, you can have me any way you want. Until then, all you get is my ass and cock. But mostly my cock," Ahri winked at me.

Ahri's assertiveness turned me on. I sucked a little further and moaned in agreement. One hand was massaging her balls and my other was twisting her cock as I sucked with tears forming in my eyes.

"God you are so hot, baby," She said as her head drew back. She pumped her hips up and my eyes bulged as I felt her invade my throat. "That's right. Take my cock baby. Take it, take it..." Ahri's moaning picked up as she went rabbed. She made one last thrust as her body arched and pumped my mouth full of her cum. My hand could feel her balls throb as she coated the walls of my mouth with her load.

I swallowed as much as I could since Ahri did not leave me any other choice with her cock still lodged in my mouth. It got to the point where I could not breathe anymore as she was breathing hard from her orgasm. I tapped like an MMA fighter in a triangle choke.

"Fuck, sorry. Did not know I had you trapped down there." She let go of my head and my mouth made a loud plop sound as I came off her. The head of her cock was glistening in a mix of my saliva and her cum.

It took me a couple of breaths to realize that my heart was beating fast and I felt almost rejuvenated. Not horny, but I had a sudden rush of energy. As if a big fat needle just injected me with endorphins.

"What is this feeling?" I asked as I got up and jumped in place.

"When someone connected to a futa consumes their cum, they become revitalized. Remember that cracked rib I gave you during practice? Touch it now," Ahri said matter of factly.

I touched my rib while jumping. She was right. It did not hurt anymore. I even punched myself in the rib and it was good as new.

"What the fuck are you?" I asked dismayed.

"A futa. Now your futa, Quinn. You better get used to me," She said with a smile as I joined her back in the bed.

Ahri asserted dominance again and took the big spoon position as I snuggled close to her. She stroked my hair and caressed my body. My sudden rush of energy quickly turned to my body becoming fully relaxed. As if I was at peace. I know that sounds cliche. But, what this girl is doing to me is comforting. It is an unreal sense of comfort.

To put the cherry on top, I am sleeping like a baby. I would have an A++ if I could track my sleep. A deep sleep where I am not moving and sinking into the bed. Then my mind brings me to a beautiful beach. My dreams have me soaking in the sun with the waves hitting my lower body. Oh, that feels nice. The water is nice and warm. But then I feel a pinch on my thigh. Then another. The most painful one jolts me awake.

"What the..., oh fuck that's nice," I say as I lay back down as Ahri gives me a sloppy blowjob.

"Nice of you to wake up," Ahri says as she strokes my wet cock, "It has been six hours. I need your cum, Quinn." She points at the clock linked to her so-called 'heat clock.'

Ahri quickens her pace as she sends my eyes rolling. I grab the back of her head as she takes my cock ball deep. She swallows me in her throat applying just enough tension on my cock to make me explode. The first spurt hits the back of her throat and her heat clock resets to six hours. Not a bad way to wake up.

"We should get ready to go to practice. Do you need to go back to your dorm?" She asks as she licks the rest of my cum from her lips.

"Probably. I can't practice in my jeans," I say as I leap off her bed. Even her blowjobs feel like they are rejuvenating.

Leaving was awkward as probably all college hook-ups are. She walked me a couple of steps to her door, hooked her arms around my neck, and kissed me for rather too long. I could not respond since she left me kissing the air for a few seconds.

I left her place and took six steps back to my dorm room. I was giddy with excitement. I just had sex with the hottest girl in the world. Well, the hottest futa in the world is more like it. I even gave my first blowjob. It did not feel that odd. Even though her cock was more than half the size of mine and my jaw almost broke taking it, the sight of her pussy made me feel better about it. The whole "in heat" thing is kinda weird. For the next couple of weeks, I am going to check to clock to see if she's playing with one of her contraptions or fucking another person to keep herself healthy.

I get my practice bag ready and head out the door. The top of my head is met with a soft cushion and a hard chest.

"Come on lover boy. You get ready that slow, coach is going to make us run all practice," Ahri says in her black Nike sports bra and skin-tight black gym shorts. I stand there like a dummy with my mouth open taking her all in. Her clothes accentuate every muscle in her body. I nod my head and we walk off to practice with her.

The short walk was the most normal experience I had with her yet. She wanted to know what it was like growing up here. I talked about all the wacky people from my small town and this small town. She loved the legend of "Randy Marsh" and all the crazy shit that man got into. Like how he ran the worst and at the same time most lucrative weed farm in the state. And all the teenager's favorite story about when the internet turned off for an entire week and what Randy did when he got his hands on it the moment he could.

She sneaks in one last kiss before we part to our locker rooms. Because per NCAA rules, Ahri has to have her separate locker room because she is a "girl." Okay then. The girl with the biggest cock on the team needs her own locker room. Stupid ass NCAA.

The must of the locker room hits my nostrils and Greg storms me the second I step foot on the carpet.

"Here he is!" Greg raises my arm like I won an MMA fight and gets everyone's attention. "In one night this man became that beauty's boyfriend!" He shouts.

"Man fuck this! I did not even get a chance to talk to her and I am way better looking than you," Said one of the players.

"I bet she made him take it up the ass with her strap since she's two times bigger than him," R.J. said. You are not exactly wrong about that, buddy.

"Shut up, R.J.," I responded back. The whole team "ooooooohd" in response.

"One night with that Japanese goddess and Quinn has some back bone," Greg said as he took me to my locker. "So, dude. Trans girls, am I right? Or am I right," He said.

It was not my place to correct him that Ahri was a futa. I guess all he knew was that Ahri had a fat cock that I knew he was ogling from our beer pong game.

"Yeah, dude. There is nothing else like Ahri," I replied.

"So you two dating after one night? Jess said Ahri could not stop texting her about you as you slept in her bed. You fucked her so good she fell in love with you dude," Greg laughed and slapped me on the shoulder.

"I don't know about all that. We were just hanging you know."

"Whatever dude. Better cuff her before one of these idiots does," Greg says before going to his locker.

The coach comes in as I finish up getting my pads on. Ahri sneaks in behind him in her gear looking like a beast. "Alright boy's, so word got out about our newest player."

"Who? Toby? That pipsqueak got everyone talking?" R.J. said interrupting the coach.

"No R.J., shut up. A lot of the press is here to cover Ahri. Not just local but state media too. Even some outlets from Wyoming and Kansas. So today's practice will be light with some scrimmaging at the end for some media footage. We will run our basic plays. Quarterbacks, that means we will use some disguise calls and checks just in case some audio picks up on the cast."

We all say "Yes, coach" then break out in a huddle and run onto the practice field. I think Coach was underplaying the amount of media. It looked like everyone was there. Locals, students, and media were jostling for space on the sideline. The cameras were faced down as the team began to run out. Some of the more extroverted players were begging for pictures. But all of their attention was focused on one player. Ahri came out with the last of the players. The sounds of camera shots were rapid. Iphones were all lifted taking videos and pictures of her. She smiled at me as I ran by her side. But, she did not seem enthused with attention after a while.

The cameras were glued to her the moment she caught her first pass. It did not help that she was sexy and built from the neck down. I know some of the pervs on that sideline had their cameras and phones fixated on her ass. The attention was getting to her. She would hide behind me during receiver and DB drills. And rushed out of the drill once her rep was over. It was all kinds of obnoxious. A small D3 school like ours was unprepared for this type of press.

Then it was scrimmaging time. I was playing the slot again and Ahi was practicing the strong safety position. The play called for me to run and out and dig route. I beat my defender and the Quarterback threw a nice pass leading me to my spot. But Ahri slipped right inside, reading the play and knocking me to my ass as she scored a pick-six. That really got the crowd's attention. There was a bustle in the crowd. They knew then that Ahri was a real player.

A couple of plays later I was playing out wide with Ahri covering me. I ran a hitch route and got the timing right. I caught the ball that was right on my numbers. Just as I was going to turn and run, Ahri grabs me from the back and suplexes my ass to the ground with my shoulder blades luckily hitting first. She left me with her beautiful smile and an air kiss as she huddles back up with the defense. I was left lying there in pain.

That sent the media into a frenzy. They all turned and called their bosses about what they just saw as I laid out on my ass. I was the only player who got just as many pictures of Ahri, it was just I was flat on my back.

And that tackle hurt like hell. She pileddrove me onto the grass. The trainers had to carry me off the field and into the locker room. I was not in there alone for too long. Practice ended about ten minutes after my slight injury. All the players returned and could not shut up about everyone in attendance. It seemed as if videos and pictures of our practice already hit Twitter. Then Greg showed me what I was dreading.

ESPN. Fucking ESPN shared the video of Ahri picking me up from my back and driving my head straight into the ground. Fucking A. Even my dad texted me to tell me he saw the video of me being dumped on my head.

I did not have time to respond since the Coach came in and told me, "Ahri needs you in her locker room." I rolled my eyes and went to see her as the coach commanded.

I could feel the steam hit me as I opened the door to her locker room. I looked over and there she was in the shower with her ripped back towards me.

"You wanted to see me?" I said to her.

She turned around. Her sweet cock swung with her. It oddly looked normal when it was flaccid. But her body was glistening under the shower. My heart was thumping and the headache I had felt like it evaporated.

"Join me, Quinn. Plenty of room for two," She said as she washed her hair. Her big tits swayed as she stroked her hair. I stripped down and joined her. Being so close to her made the water feel hotter.

"You made an apprehension on everyone," I said as I placed my hands on her hips.

"Unwanted attention," She said as she washed my hair. "Did I hurt you?"

"You kind of rang my bell on the last play," I said as she massaged my head.

"Hear let me help you." She took one hand to her pussy and dabbed up some of her wetness on her finger. She made me suckle on it. The taste of her down there was different from her cock. Both were delicious in their different way. The pain in my neck was gone. I could not feel my headache anymore. Why is it that her juices are like a pain reliever for me?

"I'm so happy that we are connected," She said.

"What do you mean by that?" I asked her again since she did not explain last night.

"Let's just say all futas have soulmates. Once we find our soulmate, no one else will do," I think I understood what she was saying. She needed my cum to reset her heat cycle. She could not find random dudes for that anymore.

"I don't mind being your soulmate then," I say as I kiss her. She smelled intoxicating. The feel of her skin sends shivers throughout me.

"I know I may have embarrassed you. I want to make it up to you," She purred.

"How?" I ask.

Ahir did not respond. She took two of her fingers and placed them on my hole. I stiffened up but she hit all the pleasure nerves down there. I settled down and kissed her. As I became comfortable, she opened my hole up. I reciprocated by grabbing hold of her cock and stroking her. My strokes became longer as I could feel her cock growing in my palm.

"I know it may feel weird at first..." She said but I cusped her mouth with my palm.

Out of nowhere, I found myself saying, "I want it." I moved my hand from her mouth and gripped her cock hard. It was like a sudden primal need overcame me. My mind and hole were fixated on it. I needed her inside me.

"I'm going to make you mine." Ahri turned off the water and picked me up. She carried me to the wooden bench and planted me on my back.

It was an intimidating and intoxicating sight of this beautiful Asian Amazon hovering over me with her big cock in one hand and her fingers lathering up my hole with her spit in the other.

She stroked her cock now as she said, "You are mine now." She leaned on me and invaded my asshole.

My eyes bulged and my body stiffened as it tried to get used to her size. Fuck she was big. She stayed in me as she kissed my neck and then my mouth.

"How does it feel?" She asked.

"Hurts, but not bad," I grimaced. I could not believe it. My ass was opening itself to handle her big cock. As if it was anticipating taking her cock.

"Give it a couple more seconds," She said as she stroked my hair. Her comfort relaxed me. My spine relaxed and her first stroke made me see god. My eyes rolled back and let out the deepest moan. She knew I liked it and stroked slow inside of me. I fell in love with the fullness. It was still awkward having something up my hole but it felt right. Like she belonged inside of me. Each of her strokes hit my prostate and she had me moaning in my own heat.

Then I felt something drip down my chest. I thought it was sweat or water from the shower. But she leaned up and her big tits flopped as milk from her breast were dripping out of her tits as she fucked me.

"That's so hot," I said not taking my eyes off her milk.

"Mmmm good. Futa's lactate when they are fucking. Lean up and taste." With all my will power, I leaned up and suckled on her breast. Spurt after spurt of her milk filled my mouth and it was the best milk I have ever had. It was sweet and fatty. Each gulp went down smoothly and I wanted more.

"Fuck, baby my tits are so sensitive. If you do that I'm going to cum inside you." She moaned as her pace quickened and rammed my hole now.

"I can't stop sucking. The milk is so good," I say disappointed that some of the cum dripped from her tit as I spoke.

I placed my lips back on her dark tit and sucked the milk again. She had enough of me and placed my back down on the bench. Her eyes were wild and she looked enraged.

"You drive me so fucking crazy," She said as she fucked me again.

"Are you in heat again?" I squirm as my head tilts back as I get accustomed to her cock now and feel the pleasure of her big thick cock.

"No. I just want to fuck you." She held my legs up and spread them wide giving her better access to my hole. I swear she was all the way in but I looked down and I was only taking half of her length.

Ahri pounded my prostate until I saw little black spots light up in my vision. She was making me see stars. My untouched cock was hard and I can feel my cum building up. Her strokes became slower but rougher. She was pleasuring my spot until I was blubbering with lust.

"That Football ass is so tight, Quinn. Cum with me, baby." Ahri gave me one last stroke. I could see my stomach bulge up as her cock pulsed and rocketed spurt after spurt of her cum inside me. The warmth of her cum sent me to the moon. She grasped my cock and I covered my stomach in my cum. I thought I was going to die by how great that felt.

It took us a few minutes to come down from our high. I felt out of this world. Could not take off my shit eating grin. My ass was sore but I felt full in all the good ways. Ahri still stretched my hole with her flaccid state. She plopped out and fell on top of me. I think maintenance may need to repair it before women's basketball season because I'm sure our weight created a crack on the bench. bench.

"Get used to this, baby," Ahri said on top of me as I hugged her. She is right, I think I may be able to get used to this.
