Intersex, Hermaphrodites, and Futanari

Intersex (Hermaphrodite) 1:100 humans
   Intersex refers to a condition in which a person is born with sex characteristics that do not fit the typical definitions of male or female. This can include variations in chromosomes, internal and external reproductive organs, and hormone levels. Intersex persons can appear as female but have a penis & testicles but no vagina, can appear as male but have a vagina and no penis or testicles, can appear as female but have a very large clitoris, and a huge number of other variations. The two things they have in common is a mix of male & female characteristics, and only the functional external genitals of one sex.

Intersex (True Hermaphrodite) 1:5,000 humans (1:250,000) humans
   A True Hermaphrodite is an intersex person with functional ovaries and functional penis at the same time. Most of these true Hermaphrodites are functionally sterile, but some few can reproduce with either their male or female reproductive systems. The main major difference between True Hermaphrodites & True Futanari is that True Hermaphrodites are both male & female, AND are not fully male & female at the same time. Meaning that they have a functional penis & vagina, but they appear deformed in some way (small, misshaped, etc).

Futanari 1:10,000 humans
   Futanari come in multiple variations but always appear fully female unless their external genitalia are examined. The main variations of futanari are (1) Woman with penis & testicles and no vagina (natural shemale or ladyboy), (2) Woman with a vagina that has a clitoris that can function as a penis (clit-dick girl), (3) Woman with penis, testicles, and vagina (full package futanari), (4) Woman with a vagina normally, but grows a penis out of her vagina (this is not a natural born futa but created through some other means). Futanari are all sterile.

True Futanari 1:250,000 humans
   A True Futanari has a fully functional vagina that looks like a normal vagina, and a fully functional penis that looks like a penis. They do not have testicles or functional ovaries, and so are also sterile. What really sets True Futanari apart from normal futanari is that both sets of genitals are not only fully functional, but also equally accessible. They also have all the combined internal geography of a male and a female, meaning g-spot, cervix, prostate, etc). Finally, all True Futanari have some sort of special trait related to their sex organs.

Futanari Breeders 1:6,250,000 humans
   With less than 1,000 Futanari Breeders in the entire world, this is by far the rarest type of futa. While not a specific trait to ALL Futanari Breeders, almost all of them are tall exceptionally beautiful women with well toned athletic bodies, but this is generally because of their choices in breeding partners. Unlike most Futanari, Futanari Breeders aren't sterile at all, far from it actually.
   Futanari Breeders have a very unique biology, in that they don't actually produce normal human eggs or sperm to impregnate or get impregnated. Instead they produce a cocktail of hormones that they ejaculate into their lover through their penis that transforms their lover to carry their offspring almost like a retrovirus. This infusion of hormones doesn't transform their lovers instantly and takes time and repeated sexual encounters (approximately 128 doses of the hormone ejaculate over 8 months or less to become permanent, but only 32 doses of the ejaculate over the same time frame to impregnate a female OR 64 doses of the hormone ejaculate over that time frame to impregnate a male. 
   Futanari Breeders take a lot longer to ejaculate than normal male, female, or futanari with a quickie taking generally 15-20 minutes of direct intercourse that delivers 1 dose of the hormone cocktail. If the Breeder wishes to go longer and deliver a larger dose its quite easy for them to hold off for 30-40 minutes to deliver 2 doses, and only marginally more difficult to hold off for 45-60 minutes to deliver 3 doses. It takes a great deal of self-control for the breeder to hold off for over 75 minutes of continuous intercourse and deliver 4 doses of the hormone cocktail, after which their body cannot produce any more until after a full nights sleep. Most Breeders are limited to producing 3-6 doses without getting a full nights sleep. 
   Throughout the entire time the futanari breeder is holding off their orgasm to build up more ejaculate, their penis grows larger in length and a great deal in thickness as the actual fluids build up inside of the shaft of the penis itself. With enough ejaculate for 2 doses their penis will have grown by around 10% in additional length & 50% in thickness. With enough ejaculate for 3 doses their penis will have grown by around 20% in additional length & 100% in thickness. With enough ejaculate for 4 doses their penis will have grown by around 30% in additional length & 150% in thickness. This additional thickness is mostly toward the upper part of the shaft of the penis, giving it an almost butt-plug like shape when fully engorged. When the Futanari Breeder ejaculates the amount of ejaculate is often around 1 full cup per dose, and the consistency of the ejaculate is thick enough to stick to the insides of their lover with very little leaking out.
   The hormone cocktail has different effects on males and females, and some of those effects begin after just 1 dose of the ejaculate. In outward appearing females (including futa's) a single dose is enough to make their skin softer and their hair silkier. In outward appearing males a single dose will slow the growth of facial hair for a short time, and cause their body hair to become softer. With additional doses women begin exhibiting larger breasts, fuller bottoms, and begin exhibiting much more submissive & feminine qualities. With additional doses men begin losing all their body hair, they grow small breasts with sensitive nipples, and the hair on their head grows out becoming more feminine. With enough of the hormones to actually impregnate a woman she will look somewhat bimbo-like in appearance. With enough of the hormones to actually impregnate a male he will look like a very feminine male.
   Children born of a female mother from a Futanari breeder will most often female with some male births and occasional Futanari births. Children born of male mothers will most often be True Futanari with occasional male births, and rarely a Futanari Breeder birth. It is because of this fact that Futanari Breeders seek out the most exceptional males they can to bear their children, hoping that a Futanari Breeder child will inherit the fathers exceptional genetics. It does often sadden many True Futanari Breeders that they must turn these exceptional men into femboys to bear these children.
   It should be noted that ALL children of a Futanari Breeder carry a recessive futanari gene that is passed on to their children, if that have any.
